Update Routes.md (#3835)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Routes.md

fastify.get('/example/*', (request, reply) => {})
```

> Regular expression routes are supported as well, but beware that you have to escape slashes. Also notice, that RegExp are very expensive in term of performance!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular expression routes are supported as well, but be aware that you have to escape slashes. Take note that RegExp is also very expensive in terms of performance!
```
